	Quick Start Guide for Oscar 1.2

This guide is intended for the impatient administrator that wants to
get his cluster up and running *right now* without hearing all the
theory and background behind OSCAR.  Note that there are many
configurations that OSCAR 1.2 supports that are not documented in the
quick guide -- refer to the complete guide for details on all the
supported configurations. To use the quick start guide, the
requirements are:

-- a server installed with the complete RedHat 7.1 package (select all
   option)
-- a bunch of compute nodes to install. The nodes must all have IDE
   drives, or all have SCSI drives, and have a floppy diskette drive
   (OSCAR 1.2 does support mixed clusters with different types of
   harddrives, and PXE (network) booting, but that is in the complete
   guide document.)
-- ethernet connectivity to all the compute nodes from the server


Steps to OSCAR 1.2

1. Install a server with RH 7.1, select the 'everything' option to
   install all RPMs.  It is suggested that you manually partition the
   drive, making it all one partition, rather than allowing redhat
   to automatically partition the drive during the install.

2. If you are not root, become root now and configure the ethernet
   device (e.g. eth0) attached to the compute nodes using netcfg.

3. Copy all the RPMs from both the RH 7.1 CDs to /tftpboot/rpm

4. Download the OSCAR 1.2 package to the server, in /root/oscar

5. cd to /root/oscar

6. Issue the "install_cluster <device>" command, where device is the
   ethernet device (e.g. eth0) through which you are attached to your
   compute nodes.  This step will pop up the OSCAR wizard.

7. From the OSCAR wizard, press "Build Oscar Client Image"
   button. This pops up the "Create a SystemImager Image" window.  If
   you are using IDE drives on the client nodes, do not change the
   Disk Partition File default; if you are using SCSI, change
   sample.disk.ide to sample.disk.scsi. Press "BuildImage" button, to
   build a SystemImager image on your server for later installation to
   the compute nodes.  You will see a progress bar across the bottom
   of the window as the image is built.  Once complete, press "Close"
   on the pop up window and then "Close" on the "Build a SystemImager
   Image" window. You have just built an installation image on the
   server, by the name oscarimage.

   Note: sometimes there can be conflicts with RPMs that are already
   installed on the server conflicting with those shipped with OSCAR
   1.2 (systemimager-client and lam are prime examples).  If this step
   fails due to RPM conflicts, uninstall the RPMs in conflict on the
   server and rerun the step.

8. Press "Define OSCAR Clients" button on the OSCAR Wizard. Fill in
   the number of nodes and IP information to define one or more
   clients on the "Add Clients" pop up window, and press the
   "Addclients" button. This will define the clients to OSCAR, and
   associate the clients with the image named oscarimage. Press
   "Close" on the pop up window, and "Close" on the "Add Clients"
   window.

9. Press "Setup Network Booting" from the Oscar Wizard, put a diskette
   in the floppy drive, and and press the button to create a boot
   diskette for the compute nodes.

10. Press "Collect MAC addresses". Reset each node that you want to
    install.  The node will boot from the SystemImager diskette, forcing
    a broadcast of the MAC address, which the server will recognize and
    display on the left side of the MAC Address Collection
    window. When the MAC address appears, just hilight the MAC address
    with the mouse, then hilight a node hostname on the right side of
    the screen, and press the "Assign MAC to Node" button.  Repeat
    this step until all MAC addresses are assigned, and then press
    "Stop Collecting"

11. Still on the MAC Address Collection window, press the Configure
    DHCP Server button, which will update the /etc/dhcpd.conf file,
    and restart dhcpd.  Now you can press Quit on the MAC Address
    Collection window.

12. Reboot each node, leaving in the diskette, to force a diskette
    boot. Since dhcp knows aobut all the nodes now, SystemImager is
    all set to do an install.  The install takes about 3-5 minutes on
    a lightly loaded 100mb/s LAN, much of which is spent in booting
    the client.  When you get the message and beep that the client is
    done installing, pop out the SystemImager diskette, and reboot the
    client from local harddrive.

13. Press the Complete Cluster Setup button on the wizard.  It prints
    out a bunch of messages, and then it's done.  (need to put a new
    message/instruction here).

14. Press the Test Cluster Setup button on the wizard. It will prompt
    for a non-root userid, which you should enter.  When it completes,
    it will create an OSCAR_test directory in that user's home
    directory. Do an su - <userid> where userid is the userid you
    entered above.  cd to that user's home directory, cd to
    OSCAR_test, and run 'test_cluster <n> <m> where 'n' is the number
    of nodes, and 'm' is the number of processors. This will execute a
    simple PBS shell job on those nodes.

15. If all else fails, there is a scripts/start_over script in the
    oscar directory.  It uninstalls all the OSCAR 1.2 RPMs, deletes
    the OSCAR data base, and allows you to start over with downloading
    the OSCAR 1.2 package.
 


